there's something personal I was hoping
you would do for me folk told me what
you did for us at wolf skull cave
he says you're someone we can trust as
you may know tell us worship is outlawed
in the Empire when we buried my husband
I made offerings to all the gods except
tellus I would like you to take an item
of his a war horn handed down from his
father and place it at a shrine of Talos
[Music]
thank you it would mean a lot to me
be quick I have little patience for
mundane concerns
[Music]
what could it mean the return of the
Dragon be quick to fire you around in
concerns Fox said I could count on you
you have more than earned the right to
purchase property and take the next step
to becoming a Thane speak to folk when
you have the funds and thank you
be well pray for solitude and my husband
I have so very much